How much is this our Blue Cloud Group?
The photo of the female CEO
Good, I'm satisfied.
Emperor
You are satisfied that this woman is mine.
I'm going to take down this woman tonight
arrogant
Want to take it all night
I'm afraid there's no woman I can't take off like a bitch
Doesn't she value Blue Cloud Group very much?
I'd like to see it
Hahahaha, that's natural.
Second Young Master, who are you?
How can there be a woman you can't take?
Then what is Lu Zhaoyue?
Or can you talk hahaha
Lu Zhaoyue, I see who bullied whom in the end
Xiaofan and Gongzhao also collapsed, so you didn't get in the exam
What are you looking at?
Look at this broken battery car, I don't know how to roll away
I almost crashed my car
Beautiful woman, you hit me with your car
Now it's on me.
Are you unreasonable? You still don't admit it?
It seems that it can only be solved with fists
Look at my bill hitting all over the place
Why are you laughing?
I'm laughing at you for spraining your foot.
I'll rub it for you
Just make sure, pervert
How dare you touch me!